Young Master
This drug is extremely potent
Luckily, we acted in time
Otherwise, a burst blood vessel would’ve turned her into a cripple
What?
Fù Jiā Háo, do you want to die?
This is the third time
You’ve deceived me
I’ll make you wish you were dead
Young Master, I was wrong
I truly realize my mistake
I was just manipulated by someone else
President Qín
Don’t worry
None of you will escape
This is an aphrodisiac
The strongest in the world
One pill
Can make someone want to live but be unable to, want to die but can’t
However
If not addressed in time
Your body
Will explode
Turning you into a useless wreck
So, President Fù?
Something this good
You should take a few more
I was wrong, I truly realize my mistake
Young Master
I truly realize my mistake